Hello friends, my name is Ashwini Kumar.
As friends, you already know me.
Friends, I am already working in HDFC Bank.
Friends, today the
topic of the video here is going to be
special for you friends.
Special friends, I have already
made a video on this.  Already
friends, regarding this, the selection of candidates has already come from our side also.
You must have seen in the groups that
our selections are coming.  And friends,
we already have
five to ten selections for this profile at this
time.  If
friends, you also want to work in ICICI Bank
and at a good position,
friends, you want to work without any
program, that is, you do not have to do any program
etc. and brother, you get your job
directly and brother,
friends, you want to do it through us or friends,
you want to do it yourself, then brother, I will
also tell you the method here as to
how you can do it here yourself.
What happens with this is that
if you do it through us, then
friends, you are directly joined here and
friends, you are given priority here.
If you want to do it yourself, then there
is no problem.  You can do it yourself also.
Without program friends,
this hiring is going to be here.  Brother, in this
you have 15 days of training.  Where does she
live and how, friends, you are going to be
selected in this.  In this, brother, there will be no
training fees here.  There will be
no fees for any course etc.
Free of cost friends, the
training fee is going to be here.
Friends, here you are being given a profile for a good Arab course.
Friends, you are being given a job inside ICICI Bank.
Friends, there is an
opportunity for you here in a very good bank.  If
you are interested then friends,
please watch this video till the end.
Friends, you will get complete step by step
information here.  Rest of you
friends, what do you want to do?  If you like the video, please give it
a like.
If you are new to the channel, then friends,
please subscribe to the channel.  Because friends,
you keep getting such content here.
Without wasting any time let's start the video.
Friends, what we are talking about in today's video is
regarding ICICI Bank.
Friends, currently there is hiring going on in ICICI Bank.
But brother, there are some conditions in this.
Like there are conditions regarding your age
or your graduation
or friends there are
conditions regarding your locations.  Friends, in this,
if your conditions are
fulfilled here, that is, if they match, then only
you can be selected here.
Both male and female can
apply for this.  No boundaries have been
set here.  But in this
your age should be between 21 to 25.
And friends, the graduation that you have
completed, you should also
pass out.  Brother, you should have
passed out graduation from 24, 25, 26. If
brother, you are a graduate pass out and brother,
you want to do a job in ICICI
Bank, then friends, this video is going to be
special for you.  As I have just
told you that the profile is going to be
good friends.
Friends, you are being given a profile in a good bank
and brother, you are also getting a decent salary
as a fresher.  Even if you have
one year of experience, you are
eligible for this.  Even if you do
not have any experience and are a fresher,
you are still eligible for this profile.
Friends,
before telling you the entire process, let me explain one thing to you.
Below you will find a link
to the WhatsApp group, friends, go and
join that group.  Friends,
after joining the group there,
what benefits are you going to get here
?  First of all friends, our
selection ratio is 99%.  And
friends, in this also, whatever selections you have here,
you can easily get them first on our group channel.  From
that you will get some idea
whether it is genuine or
not or whether selections happen or
not.  Even then
you will get some idea from there.   That's
why friends, I keep telling you to
go and subscribe to the channel quickly
or friends, you will find the link below, join the
group in it,
benefits keep coming, if there is any
hiring near you, if there is a walk-in interview, then
brother, you would have got it there first,
rest friends, regarding this, I will
tell you the complete information here as to
how you have to apply, what will be the
process in ICICI Bank, friends, at present there is
hiring going on.  The
profile is going to be on roll friends.
Friends, you will find the profile of Sales and Relationship Manager
here.  I'll tell you in advance.
Your profile of Sales and Relationship Manager is
going to be here.  Whatever your grade is
going to be, your grade is going to be that of the senior officer.
Whatever your
CTC is going to be here, friends,
you are going to get up to 3.84 LP here.
Friends, your in-
hand salary can range from Rs. 22 to Rs.
30.
As
friends, he has clearly
mentioned it here.  And friends, let us
talk about the eligibility criteria here.  So brother,
your age should be between 21 to 25.
And friends, the graduation which you have
completed in 24, 25, 26,
your graduation should be completed here.
If brother is more than this then brother if it is less than this then
brother you are not eligible.
Friends, let us talk about location and special location.
This hiring is here to stay.
Rajasthan, Punjab, Haryana, Gujarat,
Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh.  Friends,
listen to the location again.  Rajasthan, Punjab,
Haryana, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Madhya
Pradesh.  If you belong to these locations
and brother, the criteria for this, which
I just told you, is that your marks should be more than 50%.
Your age should be between 21 to 25.  And friends,
your grace should be passed out between 24 to 25, 26.
If you are a brother, either male or female will do.  There
is no problem.  Whatever
your location is going to be here, brother, the
final profile will be given to you here,
brother, the final location will be given to you
near your hometown, the final location will be given to you here.
Brother, this will give you 15 days of
training.  [Sound of clearing throat]
You will be undergoing 15 days of training at ITM Ghaziabad.
Friends, for 15 days,
food and accommodation, everything is free of cost.
Just what do you have to do?  Whatever
coming and going you have is yours.
Friends, you have to come here to ITM
Ghaziabad for 15 days.  Then friends,
your training will take place.  It is free of cost.   There
is no single charge for
training here.  We may have some charges.
You will easily find that brother on WhatsApp.
If you
come to us, then friends, you will
easily get to know here
how much charges you will have to pay us
and within how many days your selection will be done.
If you also want to secure your future, then
friends, you
can connect with us here right now.  Below you will
find a link to the WhatsApp group or
you will also get the WhatsApp number.
You can go and connect with us friends.
Or friends, you have to do one thing here.
Write yes in the comment box.
Friends, your mobile number will
easily reach you here.
Write yes and I am interested in the comment box.  But
you have to write that only if you are eligible for it here.  Only then
friends, you have to
fill up your form.  Otherwise brother, don't do it.
You are not eligible for this profile.  Rest of the
friends, for this profile, I have
given you complete information here as to
how you have to apply.  What
are your eligibility criteria?  Where
friends, your training is going to be here.  It will be
free of cost.  There
are no charges etc.  Friends, I have given
you complete information.  I hope you liked
this information in today's video.  If you liked the
video, please give it a
like.  Friends, if you have
not yet subscribed to this channel, then
brother, please go quickly and subscribe to this channel.
See you in the next video.
Take care.  Bye.